Description:
1. Add the production of a series of crops and their agricultural by-products (mainly).
2. Add "Blessing of the Spirits" to resist the apocalypse (it doesn't have much effect).
3. Add a little architecture.
4. Carry a series of functional changes, all of which can be configured in config (mainly).

Body:
Requires ModLoader as a frontend.

1. Rapeseed and vegetable oil:
1. "Rapeseed" can be found on the edge of the jungle
2. Unlock the blueprint "vegetable oil" after discovery
3. "Vegetable oil" will not rot and evaporate
4. "Vegetable oil" can be processed into "oil"
5. 'Canola' can be grown in fields
6. "Rapeseed" itself is a vegetable that can be eaten and perhaps cooked

2. Cotton and Textile:
1. "Cotton" can be found in the Western Highlands
2. After "cotton" is picked, more "fiber" can be obtained directly
3. "Cotton" can be grown in fields
4. Added "Advanced Spinning Machine": 50% of textiles are unlocked,
Can put 6 fibers/2 thread balls to produce 4 thin threads/2 thread balls/1 rope,
You can put 3 palm leaves to make 2 palm braids.
5. Newly added "Advanced Loom": 50% of textiles are unlocked,
You can put up to 4 thread balls, and then consume the original thread balls to weave various kinds of cloth.
Both of the above machines can be dismantled
6. Bedding: Unlock 50% of textiles, made of cotton (or hemp), bows, long wooden sticks, and flint slabs, which can be laid on wooden beds to become comfortable beds
7. Comfortable bed: further increase comfort, reduce a little pressure, sleep time * 0.75, and no back pain
ex: New trait: Realism
You won't find canola or cotton, but oil palm and hemp.

3. Useful tools:
1. Evaporative Refrigerator: Crafted using "Wood" and "Big Cloth", found through "Big Cloth"
Add water to work, you can reduce the ambient temperature, the reduction value = 1.5 campfires, only effective indoors
You can pour the water out so you don't freeze to death
2. Swing: It can be played on a swing outdoors, and the effect is the same as that of a sandcastle.
3. Black gunpowder: It is made of one sulfur, two nitrates and three charcoals, and then sugar can be added to make explosives.
4. Add a new blueprint: plank (half log)
Produces 4 planks using half a log in half the time
5. New props: wooden barrel
The water container that can be placed on it can be converted into a fermentation barrel (need to be used in conjunction with technology first)

4. Strawberries and Juice:
1. New crop strawberries, eating can reduce stress, can be planted in the field
2. It can be squeezed into strawberry juice, which has a stronger stress-relieving effect
3. You can use the brewing stand to squeeze the juice, but the strawberry juice should be turned out in time

5. The Blessing of All Spirits
1. Add the trait "Blessing of All Souls", difficulty -5000, this trait can trigger the following events:

2. You can find the "Spirit of Ifrit" after exploring 40% of the "Eastern Highlands":
1) You can use "burn" 100 points to add 1 point of fire magic point
2) When it has 10 fire magic points, it will trigger "Ifrit Comes"
You can pray to it for explosives or spear skills
3) You can pray to the "Spirit of Ifrit" for blessing to speed up the recovery of burns, and the next blessing can only be given after the blessing disappears.

3. You can find the "Spirit of Liviasan" after exploring 40% of the "Beach":
You can use "Shark Jaws" to add 1 water magic point:
1) Learning to surf: You need 10 water magic points to exchange for 1 water god token. The token lasts for 10 days. When you have the token, you can go to and from Bird Rock Island to surf.
2) Pray for blessings: Exchange 1 water magic point and get 2 points of "swimming skill"
4. "Titan's Spirit" can be found after exploring 40% of the "Desolate Beach":
You can use "Boar Teeth" to add 3 earth magic points:
You can consume 2 earth magic points to exchange for 1 "Flint Slab"
Can consume 4 earth magic points + 15 minutes to make masonry skills +1
It can consume 4 earth magic points + 15 minutes to make metalworking skills +1

5. In the "Bay" to explore to 40%, you can find the "Spirit of Garuda":
You can use "feather" to make it increase 1 wind magic point:
Can consume 3 wind magic points + 15 minutes, + trap skills
Can consume 3 wind magic points + 15 minutes, + bow skills

6. In the "Eastern Grassland" to explore to 40%, you can find "Sophia's Spirit":
You can use "Bone"/"Bird Bone" to add 1 balance magic point:
Can consume 3 balance magic points + 15 minutes, + drumming skills
Can consume 3 balance magic points + 15 minutes to reduce loneliness

7. The Spirit of Safilot has been deleted (Apocalypse has no volcanic ash bombing)
6. Xianghe Valley (formerly Hidden Canyon):
Added a new location: Harmonious Valley, 95% discovery of Jungle Highland Exploration
Special findings:
Wheat, corn, jasmine, honeycomb
landmark:
1. A waterfall with a stream
Can dig mud, fish, fry fish, catch fish + unlimited unsafe water
2. Valley Cave (formerly Canyon Cave)
There is a rotten log in the cave (explore 50%), you can pick miscellaneous fungi,
There is a spring in the cave (100% explored) with clean water
Stones, fungi, magnetite mines, and flint plates can be found in caves. Magnetite mines can mine magnetite, and each mine produces 3
Exclusive construction here: mill, hydroelectric generator (requires technology first)
7. Wheat and corn:
1. Wheat can be found in "Xianghe Valley", and wheat can be ground into flour
2. You can find corn in "Xianghe Valley", and the corn can be cooked into "roasted corn". If there is unlimited roasted corn, please update modloader to 1.3.2
3. Can be put into "stone mill"/"mill" to grind into "flour"
Added stone mill transformation box, unlocked with 50 cooking points
It can consume 20 points of electricity (technology first) to transform the stone mill into a mill
Linked Crom-soybean process
4. "Flour" can be used to make "steamed bread" and "baozi"
5. New blueprint "steamer", if there are a lot of steamer, please delete the dll
6. Added blueprint "Stone Mill"
Stone mills and mills can grind soybeans to get coarse soybean powder, and grind 1 dry bean to get 1/3 of oil
Eight, Dll function:
Farming Return: Whether the original crop will be returned to the field after it matures. If it is true, it will be returned. The default is true (PS: If you want to return the mod, just change the name of the field to CropPlotXXX)
Leaves are not rotten: Whether the leaves will be corrupted, if it is true, it will not be corrupted, the default is true
Palm does not rot: Whether the palm leaves will be corrupted, if it is true, it will not be corrupted, the default is true
Monkey savior: Injured monkeys and monkey friends do not bite, enabled when true, default is true
Bee mute: remove the background sound effect of the beehive, enable it when it is true, the default is true
Pumpkin time: the duration of a pumpkin lantern with a candle, the unit is days, the default is 3 days
Remove debuff: remove skill training debuff, enable when true, default is true
Nine, sugar cane:
Sugarcane bushes can be found in jungles
Can chop sugar cane with an ax
Sugarcane can be squeezed for sugarcane juice, which can be completed with blueprints or in the brewing stand (requires technology first)
Sugar cane juice can be used to refine sugar (directly, or roasted by fire)

10. Pumpkin:
Pumpkin bushes can be found at the edge of the jungle
Pumpkin bushes can pick pumpkins
Pumpkins can be planted to produce pumpkin fields, and return to a field when they are mature.
Pumpkins can be carved out of jack-o-lanterns with a knife-empty
Pumpkin Lantern - Empty You can put a lit candle into a pumpkin lantern. The pumpkin lantern lasts for 3 days and can be placed. After it burns out, it will turn back into a pumpkin lantern - Empty
Pumpkins can be placed directly into the stove to get Steamed Pumpkins
Added another blueprint: Tamaled Pork
Requires pumpkin (as a bowl) + corn (as raw flour) + pork*2
Get uncooked tamales which need to be steamed in the stove
Because the pumpkin will be roasted, it cannot be cooked with a campfire!
Added new trait: Pumpkin Lantern
Start with a jack-o-lantern
Carve the jack-o'-lantern further:
Condition: Carpentry skill reaches 50 points (not a percentage)
Operation: Drag the handle to the bright jack-o-lantern (note that it is bright)
Effect: Turn the jack-o-lantern into a beautiful jack-o-lantern, providing 25 points of comfort

11. Cocoa and Chocolate
Cocoa bushes can be found in East Grass
3 cocoa beans make 1 chocolate
cocoa beans can be farmed

12. Sling and sling
Integrate and fix "Slings and Slings"

Thank you very much @李嘉 for the stickers,
Linkage Warm Soup:
Vegetables: pumpkin, corn, rapeseed
Fruits: strawberries
Starches: Flour
Oil bases: vegetable oil, palm oil
Sugar base: sugar cane juice